Notes on adding layers:
===========

Warning notes:
----------

Keep it functional wherever possible by adding a normalise and letting it accept old style data.

Message notes:
----------

Unusual fields:
grid can come from ONE layer and ONE plot.  OR rather it's a 'separate' plot? referencing the other data? fie!

data can be a table or a name - which borrows from another layer?

layers are named (or numbered?)

structure is per layer
aes is per layer

simplification is carried out either in server or in client, or via a special simplified server call

stats?

labels is BOTH at the plot and layer level - x and y should be global, but color may be by layer (e.g. a red point is a distinct idea from rainbow of lines, and will have separate legends?)  If color is at the global layer then ONE legend is present.

onZoom is global

onBrush is ... global but local if it needs to extract a property of the data point rather than just the axis (maybe)

scales is global (for sure)!

name is global AND local

geom is local for sure

Architecture notes
----------

Consider simply welding all the layers together once we have transformed into aesthetic (and keeping a layer reference in the object for filtering, etc.)  Use nest to flip the structure in and out of shape.  This would make the rework a whole lot easier.  How would we handle geoms?  Would we be able to handle reloading easily?

Aesthetic notes:
-----------

re-use of Color will be merged

are Color and Fill separate?

Xcluster aesthetic has to be the SAME across all layers - oh, but how do we calculate the partitions when there are multiple layers? TODO

position is local

Legend Notes:
---------

Color is unified. (how will I do outline?)

If two layers each have a different aesthetic mapping for color (ie the structural name differs), there are two challenges:

0) Are there two legends or one?  two might be nice, but I have no mechanism right now 
1) what's the legend label?  - Combining is best since we can override it?
2) how does filtering work when they are clicked on?  Currently filtering consumes the structural name, which may differ

Filter Notes:
---------

Filtering happens in various ways.  Let's start with

Legend - click a color
XCluster - click a partition

filtering works (just on master layer)

Linking Notes:
----------
Clicking and brushing need to work before filters do - filters are largely gimmicky.

now work - just on 'master' (first) layer

Clicking may not work

Popover Notes:
---------


Other Bugs:
-----
Geom Clicking not tested yet
DatapointSelector is clearly wrong - should only be for 'master' layer - or for all layers separately.
There's a stray NA in layer
Area should base at zero perhaps?  or call it something other than area - such as fill
